#4106 load frequency dependent (#4137)
dynawo/dynawo: dynawo/sources/Models/Modelica/Dynawo/Examples/LoadFrequencyDependent/CMakeLists.txt

> # Copyright (c) 2015-2020, RTE (http://www.rte-france.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copyright (c) 2026, RTE (http://www.rte-france.com)
```

# See AUTHORS.txt
# All rights reserved.
# This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
# License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
# file, you can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0
#

> # This file is part of Dynawo, an hybrid C++/Modelica open source time domain simulation tool for power systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This file is part of Dynawo, an hybrid C++/Modelica open source suite of simulation tool for power systems.
```
